one thing female lions do is
synchronize their reproductive
cycles it's . yeah it's
basically the same thing with
several matters at once they
help take care of each other's
Cubs so they actually really
good at synchronizing the time
they go into estrus so you've
got a lot of females at the same
time ready to make that means
they'll have cards within a few
days or a few weeks of each
other
the advantages one day's a lot
more females to help protect the
Cubs so group defense and also
several females like taking it
once so they can personalize
each other Cubs
you all have the same goal which
is to raise your offspring make
sure that your DNA gets passed
on into it's an added advantage
to everybody in the group
the mail has a really
good-looking main females and
crazy over Lions actually have
to be in a really good physical
condition to produce that dark
hair on the name